rbdmirror: mirroring b/w implicit and defined ns (#15459)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd.md

* `mirroring`: Sets up mirroring of the pool
    * `enabled`: whether mirroring is enabled on that pool (default: false)

>     * `mode`: mirroring mode to run, possible values are "pool", "image" or "init-only" (required). Refer to the [mirroring modes Ceph documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/rbd/rbd-mirroring/#enable-mirroring) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `mode`: mirroring mode to run, possible values are "pool", "image" or "init-only" (required). Refer to the [mirroring modes Ceph documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/rbd/rbd-mirroring/#enable-mirroring) for more details.
```
